docs/src/README.md, before:

# Increment Finance: Peripheral Contracts

This repository contains peripheral smart contracts for [Increment Protocol](https://github.com/Increment-Finance/increment-protocol). Specifically, it contains contracts for distributing reward tokens to liquidity providers in the Perpetual markets, as well as a Safety Module which rewards stakers for providing economic security to the protocol.

## Setup

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Increment-Finance/peripheral-contracts.git && cd peripheral-contracts
   ```
2. Initialize the submodules by running the following command:
   ```
   git submodule update --init
   ```

## Testing

To run the Foundry tests for this project, you will need an RPC node provider API key and corresponding URL, as shown below. You will also need to have [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation) installed. Once you are ready, run the following command from the repo's root directory:

```
source .env && forge test --fork-url https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<YOUR_INFURA_KEY>
```

_Note: if you use some RPC provider other than Infura, just replace the entire URL rather than just the key_

Commit message:

Update docs (#48)
* Tweak governance update events
emitted by `setMaxRewardMultiplier` and `setSmoothingValue`

* Remove `maxPercentUserLoss` and related logic
and add `_slashPercent` argument to `slashAndStartAuction`

* Update tests

* Fix natspec

* Fix natspec

* Update natspec

* Remove unused event

* Update documentation

docs/src/README.md, after:

# Increment Finance: Peripheral Contracts

This repository contains peripheral smart contracts for [Increment Protocol](https://github.com/Increment-Finance/increment-protocol). Specifically, it contains contracts for distributing reward tokens to liquidity providers in the Perpetual markets, as well as a Safety Module which rewards stakers for providing economic security to the protocol. The Safety Module is comprised of a central SafetyModule contract, a StakedToken contract for staking, an SMRewardDistributor for handling reward distribution to stakers, and an AuctionModule contract for auctioning slashed tokens in the event of a shortfall in the protocol.

## Setup

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Increment-Finance/peripheral-contracts.git && cd peripheral-contracts
   ```
2. Initialize the submodules and recursively install their submodules by running the following command:
   ```
   git submodule update --init && forge install
   ```

## Testing

To run the Foundry tests for this project, you will need an RPC node provider API key and corresponding URL, as shown below. You will also need to have [Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation) installed. Once you are ready, run the following command from the repo's root directory:

```
source .env && forge test --fork-url https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/<YOUR_INFURA_KEY>
```

_Note: if you use some RPC provider other than Infura, just replace the entire URL rather than just the key_
